Question 5.2.1. Question 1. Domain and Range.
For each of the following graphs. state the domain and range.
Line through (-4. 2) with arrows both ends
Arrows on both ends mean the
line extends infinitely in both directions.
The x-values cover all real numbers: domain is x in the real numbers.
The y-values cover all real numbers: range is y in the real numbers.
Domain: x in the real numbers. Range: y in the real numbers
Parabola with vertex (3. 2) opening downward
A parabola opening downward has a maximum at the vertex.
Domain: x in the real numbers
(parabolas extend infinitely left and right).
Range: y less than or equal to 2 (the vertex is the highest point).
Domain: x in the real numbers. Range: y less than or equal to 2
Line through (1. 6) and (-3. negative 5) with arrows
Arrows mean infinite extension — this is a straight line.
Domain: x in the real numbers. Range: y in the real numbers
IB exam tip: Check for: arrows (infinity). closed dots (less than
or equal to/greater than or equal to). open dots ().